README.md, before:

# Employee Tracker SQL 
 
![License Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)

## Table of Contents: 
[Description](#description) 

[Installation](#installation) 

[Usage](#usage) 

[Contributing](#contributing) 

[Tests](#tests) 

[License](#license) 

[Questions](#questions) 


## Description
A CLI application that allows you to keep, view and update a database of your employees. 

## Installation
1) Clone the repository code
2) In integrated terminal type "npm install" to install node
3) In Sql, copy the schema.sql file path and type "source " and paste
- For any questions, refer to the Walk Through Video Below


## Usage
Run node server.js and follow the prompt.
- For any questions, refer to the Walk Through Video Below

## Walk Through Video
![image]()

## Contributing

### Please contribute to this project:
- [Submit Bugs and Request Features you'd like to see Implemented](https://github.com/krosengr4/EmployeeTracker-SQL/issues)

## Tests
No tests provided.

## License
For more information about the license, please follow this link: https://opensource.org/license/mit/

## Questions
Here is the link to my Github Profile: https://github.com/krosengr4 

For any additional questions, email me at rosenkev4@gmail.com

Commit message:

Update readme, added walk-through video

README.md, after:

# Employee Tracker SQL 
 
![License Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)

## Table of Contents: 
[Description](#description) 

[Installation](#installation) 

[Usage](#usage) 

[Contributing](#contributing) 

[Tests](#tests) 

[License](#license) 

[Questions](#questions) 


## Description
A CLI application that allows you to keep, view and update a database of your employees, jobs, and departments.

## Installation
1) Clone the repository code
2) In integrated terminal type "npm install" to install node
3) In MySql, copy and paste schema.sql and seeds.sql
- For any questions, refer to the Walk Through Video Below


## Usage
Right click server.js file and click "Open in Integrated Terminal"
Run node server.js and follow the prompt.
- For any questions, refer to the Walk Through Video Below

## Walk Through Video
[Walk Through Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1IblZwMnqGSa2f73Vezum2jpeIfJTrHSA/view)

## Contributing

### Please contribute to this project:
- [Submit Bugs and Request Features you'd like to see Implemented](https://github.com/krosengr4/EmployeeTracker-SQL/issues)

## Tests
No tests provided.

## License
For more information about the license, please follow this link: https://opensource.org/license/mit/

## Questions
Here is the link to my Github Profile: https://github.com/krosengr4 

For any additional questions, email me at rosenkev4@gmail.com
